---
layout : post
title : P2S Member, Beren from France
Date : 2020-01-31
categories: [P2S members]
tags: [p2s members]
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

_When a good friend told me about P2S Travel I was skeptical. (...) I am more than happy to have integrated P2S Travel._

<!--more-->

# Interviewing a P2S Travel Member

Greatings to Beren from France, thank you for accepting our interview invitation!

Beren: Hello! No problem!

## When did you first heard about P2S Travel?

I first heard about private travel agencies from a friend and joined in during some of their presentations, but I didn't thought it was really worth joining. When a good friend told me about P2S Travel I was skeptical, by then I had heard my shares about MLM and private travel agencies... I decided it wasn't for me. One evening, I had nothing to do and I saw a post about a P2S meeting. I thought, let's have a laugh and see how they're convincing people.

## How did the meeting go?

The meeting did go suprisingly well, all the team partners where very welcoming.

## Did you join right away?

No! Haha, I joined a week later after thinking everything through! I was sure it was to good to be true, but as we know it isn't! So I joined in November 2019 and in January 2020 I became a 1 Star Director. 

## What is your feeling about P2S Travel?

My feeling is more than positive, network marketing is, for me, THE job that will allow our generation to get by financially and have the advantage of geographic freedom. I am more than happy to have integrated P2S Travel because the values are good, the training and the profile of David Hart (CEO) really appealed to me, he's so "normal" in a way *laugh*
I made the right choice joining a company that uses network marketing and offers a fixed income, that is deffinetely a plus!
